Add flood maps (#365)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [5.2.1](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/compare/v4.5.1...v4.6.0)

Reviewer: Feels like a minor change.
```suggestion
## [5.3.0](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/compare/v4.5.1...v4.6.0)
```

> ## [5.3.0](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/compare/v4.5.1...v4.6.0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## [5.3.0]
```

### Added

> * Option to add a `--include-flood-depth` flag when running `water_map` to produce a map of estimated flood depths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `--include-flood-depth` option for `water_map` to produce a map of estimated flood depths.
```
